Add on_leave documentation for require policies (#14182)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/guides/moderated-sessions.mdx

|`modes`|`[]`[Participant mode](#participant-modes)|The participant mode that applies to the user joining the Moderated Session under this policy|
|`count`|Integer|The number of users that need to match the filter expression to satisfy the policy|

> The following are options for `require_session_join`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following fields are optional for `require_session_join`:
```

policy is a positive integer value that specifies the minimum amount of users
this policy requires.

### On leave

> The `on_leave` string option in require policies is used to define what happens when a user leaves a session, causing a policy to no longer be satisfied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `on_leave` string option in require policies is used to define what happens when a moderator leaves a session, causing a policy to no longer be satisfied.
```

There are two possible actions to take in this scenario:
1. Terminate the session and disconnect all participants, corresponding to the `"terminate"` value.
2. Pause the session and stop any input/output streaming until the policy is satisfied again, corresponding to the `"pause"` value.

By default, Teleport treats an empty string in this field as the same as `terminate`.
That is, the session is terminated instantly and all participants are disconnected.

If all require policies attached to the session owner are set to `"pause"`, the session will instead pause
but the session will remain open. This discards all input from session participants and buffers output until the session can resume.

> 

Reviewer 2: Does it buffer or discard output?

Buffering output while a moderator is not present is a security risk, as the user can enter a command that will immediately execute when the moderator returns.

Author: Did you think of input? I don't see how buffering output (that is, stdout from the shell to the user) could pose a security risk?

Author: I believe the wording does make it clear that all input is indeed discarded.
